you
hi one of the questions that I get a lot
here at chrysalis is from patients that
have a lot of weight to lose and they
come to me and they say you know what
this just feels too big I have all of
this weight to lose I've tried
everything and I get depressed just
thinking about it where do I start well
just like with everything else the path
to optimal health starts with one step
at a time did you know that just by
losing ten percent of your current
weight that you reduce the chances of
disease by fifty percent that's your
chance of disease in the realm of
diabetes high blood pressure
cardiovascular disease cancers now
that's exciting so I make sure that our
patients they know they know that it
doesn't have to be the hundred pounds
tomorrow that just ten percent of their
way creates fifty percent increase in
their health and that's just super cool
another thing that's really cool about
our program is that it comes with a
health coach someone just like me who
helps you set your goals who motivates
you and inspires you to look at your
help with new eyes to see how what you
eat affects your body and to educate you
as to what your body has to do to rescue
you from the food you're currently
eating as a health coach I help you set
your goals and then we celebrate those
successes until you're at the weight
that you desire then your health coach
helps you stay there through education
and follow-up you're simply not alone
with our program you're not alone
another cool thing about our program is
it just happens so quickly you can very
safely loose 225 pounds per week so your
motivation level stays high because it's
exciting to get on the scale and you see
225 pounds drop off just like that so
your motivation is high and then you
have someone like me who loves you and
cares about you and your health holding
your hand
the entire way so you know why just give
us a try ooh don't use that much bar
you